Validation: description-missing fixes. (#242)
MicrosoftDocs/bingmaps-docs: BingMaps/v8-web-control/map-control-concepts/pushpins/dynamically-create-svg-pushpin-example.md

---
title: "Dynamically create SVG Pushpin Example | Microsoft Docs"

> description: Provides a code example that shows how to dynamically create SVG circles for pushpin icons using a custom function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Example code demonstrating how to dynamically create SVG circles for pushpin icons using a custom function.
```
